# SkyBlock (bad code style, my old plugin)  
 Minecraft SkyBlock plugin 1.16+  
 SpigotMC: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/skyblockmeow.94905/  

<b>Features:</b>
- Every island will be generated with some random, so most players have different island at start
- You can travel from your island and find any other island, whitch generated by config.yml rules with chests/mobs/structures
- Every reboot will remove all blocks out of players islands, so players can continue travel from their islands
- Plugin don't support teleportations! Every player at start have nether portal (but nether must be disabled) and can teleport to others nether portals from his portal! To do that he must to type coordinates of other portal to compass in anvil and right click to portal.
- Every player at start have GUIDE villager. By rightclicking at them you can see shop/bosses/daily tasks/island properties/money store/ore upgrades and others.

<b>Requirements:</b>
- Spigot/Paperspigot 1.16-1.17.1
- Vault plugin
- Any Economy plugin
- Optionally, you can add Crazy Auctions, Trade System and TAB (only up to 1.16.4 right now)

<b>Installation:</b>
1) Drop this plugin, Vault and your Economy plugin in the plugins folder of your server
2) Disable nether in server.properties
3) Make sure that your world folder is void map!
4) Start the server
5) Edit configs in SkyBlockMeow folder as you want
6) Save and restart again

<b>Demonstration:</b>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-2D4P825ak&feature=emb_imp_woyt">link</a> (animation and music was not added by me)

<b>Commands:</b>
- /sb add [island] [layer (number)] [probability] - add to island layer block in your hand with probability. You can just do it directly config.yml.
- /sb chestadd [chest type] [probability (from 0 to 100)] - add to chest loots item in your hand with probability of finding. You can just do it directly config.yml.
- /sb getblock [1, 2, 3, 4] [number] - get scroll into your inventory.
All commands needed API.glav permission.
